Added docs for MVVM Toolkit (#472)
MicrosoftDocs/WindowsCommunityToolkitDocs: docs/mvvm/AsyncRelayCommand.md

        <TextBlock>
            <Run Text="Task status:"/>
            <Run Text="{x:Bind ViewModel.DownloadTextCommand.ExecutionTask.Status, Mode=OneWay}"/>
            <LineBreak/>
            <Run Text="Result:"/>
            <Run Text="{x:Bind ViewModel.DownloadTextCommand.ExecutionTask, Converter={StaticResource TaskResultConverter}, Mode=OneWay}"/>
        </TextBlock>
        <Button
            Content="Click me!"
            Command="{x:Bind ViewModel.DownloadTextCommand}"/>
        <ProgressRing
            HorizontalAlignment="Left"
            IsActive="{x:Bind ViewModel.DownloadTextCommand.IsRunning, Mode=OneWay}"/>
    </StackPanel>
</Page>
```

Upon clicking the `Button`, the command is invoked, and the `ExecutionTask` updated. When the operation completes, the property raises a notification which is reflected in the UI. In this case, both the task status and the current result of the task are displayed. Note that to show the result of the task, it is necessary to use the `TaskExtensions.GetResultOrDefault` method - this provides access to the result of a task that has not yet completed without blocking the thread (and possibly causing a deadlock).

## Examples

> You can find more examples in the [unit tests](https://github.com/Microsoft/WindowsCommunityToolkit//blob/master/UnitTests/UnitTests.Shared/Mvvm).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find more examples in the [unit tests](https://github.com/Microsoft/WindowsCommunityToolkit/blob/rel/7.0.0/UnitTests/UnitTests.Shared/Mvvm).
```
